Operations Centre AI: Hello <@457642480415014922>, thank you for creating a support ticket! The <@&947809960534867998> will be with you shortly. Please can you describe your issue below?
Thai: hi
Thai: anyone here
Terpene (Head Admin): How you doing sir, what can I assist with?
Thai: hi mate
Thai: you the owner?
Terpene (Head Admin): Yes sir
Terpene (Head Admin): of Rusty Operations that is
Thai: Marcel?
Terpene (Head Admin): That's my name
Thai: perfect
Thai: hi!
Terpene (Head Admin): 🙂
Terpene (Head Admin): How you doing good sir
Thai: Im good, thanks!
Thai: I admin my own rust server and had a question for you
Thai: I saw ur post in the rust fb page and had a look at your info screen
Thai: thats welcome UI from david right?
Terpene (Head Admin): That's correct, I am using that plugin
Thai: tell me
Thai: how did you maange to modify your logo into the header? :p
Thai: hahaha
Terpene (Head Admin): David does good work, I was able to try out the vote map extension before it released publicly
Thai: another 10 bucks, he could have included it in the addon imo
Terpene (Head Admin): I agree, but I won't question how he wants to do it
Terpene (Head Admin): So you need to go into data and then CUIdata
Terpene (Head Admin): For WelcomePanel of course
Thai: there is an option to  make the header like yours? or you modify it?
Thai: 
Thai: 
Terpene (Head Admin): So I believe the way it works is upon loading the plugin it ask you which template you want to use
Terpene (Head Admin): I am not sure if you can change templates after choosing one, that would be something to ask David tbh
Terpene (Head Admin): ./wp_template
Thai: oh its just a template, nothing fancy
Terpene (Head Admin): Be careful cause you could mess up what you got now
Terpene (Head Admin): 
Thai: understandable
Thai: ooh
Thai: you choose the first template
Operator MEE6: <@457642480415014922> just advanced to level 1!
Thai: but i did not know you could at your logo that big to the side
Thai: I like the third one
Terpene (Head Admin): You would probably be able to do it with the one you got rn
Terpene (Head Admin): You just need to mess around with the links in CUIdata
Thai: and it does not conflict the code in any way if there would be an update let us say?
Terpene (Head Admin): Nah it shouldn't even David said that if you want to change images that's where you can do it
Terpene (Head Admin): But only for images
Terpene (Head Admin): like for the buttons and stuff
Thai: alright man, i'll have a look into this with my developer
Thai: thanks for your f ast reply
Thai: how old is your server how is going
Terpene (Head Admin): No problem bro, that's what we do here! Just hit 2 months old this force wipe, it's going pretty good I been enjoying it everyone that has stayed to play has good things to say good thing. There is more things I want to make better but I need to pace myself, just a one man team.
Terpene (Head Admin): How is your going?
Thai: Haha, same here, also a one  man operation that cost some money. But I am enjoying it so far. Now working on my website and some promotion to grow the pop
Thai: How come your server is not showing in the list?
Terpene (Head Admin): Hell yeah bro got nothing but love for the other admins, its tough out here for us but keep your head up high and be proud of what you created.
Terpene (Head Admin): It's there, just need to check modded and it might take a second to pop up
Terpene (Head Admin): You can always use ./rust in this chat to receive the join link too if you want to check it out
Terpene (Head Admin): But yeah bro I am glad I could help, if that's everything I will close this ticket out
Thai: sure you can close it
